[DOCS] DOC-473 Adds guides on organizing Batches in Data Assets (#7411)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/guides/connecting_to_your_data/fluent/data_assets/how_to_organize_batches_in_a_sql_based_data_asset.md

- A working installation of Great Expectations
- A Data Asset in a SQL-based Datasource
- A passion for data quality

</Prerequisites>

<!-- TODO <details>
<summary>

### If you still need to set up and install GX...

</summary>

Please reference the appropriate one of these guides:

<SetupAndInstallForSqlData />

</details>

<details>
<summary>

### If you still need to connect a Datasource to a SQL database...

</summary>

Please reference the appropriate one of these guides:

<ConnectingToSqlDatasourcesFluently />

Or, for guides on using the block-config method for advanced SQL Datasource configurations, please see:

<ConnectingToSqlDatasourcesBlockConfig />

</details>
-->

:::caution Datasources defined with the block-config method

If you are using a Datasource that was created with the advanced block-config method please follow our guide on [how to configure a SQL Datasource with the block-config method](/docs/guides/connecting_to_your_data/datasource_configuration/how_to_configure_a_sql_datasource.md), instead.

:::

## Steps

### 1. Import GX and instantiate a Data Context

<ImportGxAndInstantiateADataContext />

### 1. Retrieve a SQL Datasource and Data Asset

> For this guide, we will use a previously defined Datasource named `"MyDatasource"`.  For purposes of our demonstration, this Datasource is a Pandas Filesystem Datasource that uses a folder named "data" as its `base_folder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this guide, we will use a previously defined SQL Datasource named `"my_datasource"` with a TableAsset called `"my_asset"` which points to a table with taxi data. 
```

To retrieve this Datasource, we will supply the `get_datasource(...)` method of our Data Context with the name of the Datasource we wish to retrieve:

> ```python title="Python code"
> my_datasource = context.get_datasource("MyDatasource")
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python title="Python code"
my_datasource = context.get_datasource("my_datasource")
my_asset = my_datasource.get_asset("my_asset")
```
```

> ### 2. Add a Splitter to the Data Asset
> 
> ```python title="Python code"
> table_asset.add_year_and_month_splitter(column_name="pickup_datetime")
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Add a Splitter to the Data Asset

Our table has a datetime column called "`pickup_datetime`" which we will use to split our TableAsset into Batches.

```python title="Python code"
table_asset.add_year_and_month_splitter(column_name="pickup_datetime")
```

```
